Add prereq install instructions for mac (#968)
regen-network/regen-web: README.md

- `web-www`: Regen website based on [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/)
- `web-auth`: React application used for Auth0 Custom Universal Login

### Prerequisites

#### Mac

> To set up system dependencies run the following: 

Reviewer: maybe good to add that this is only needed if you don't already have python and/or vips installed

> If you haven't already, you can set up system dependencies run the following: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't already, you can set up system dependencies by running the following commands: 
```
